specs: update repo, sync, and account specs for Sync 1.1 (#510)
bluesky-social/atproto-website: src/app/[locale]/specs/sync/en.mdx

There are two main data synchronization mechanisms in atproto. Batch data transfer is supported using full-repository exports as CAR files over HTTP. Real-time synchronization can be provided by a repository event stream (over WebSocket), commonly referred to as a "firehose". Used together, they make it possible to bootstrap a complete, live-updated, and authenticated copy of network data. {{ className: 'lead' }}

## Repository Revisions

As described in the [Repository specification](/specs/repo), each commit to a repository has a *revision* number, encoding as a [TID](/specs/tid) string. Revision numbers are used a logical clock to track synchronization status individual repositories. The revision number must always increase between commits for the same repository, even if the account migrates between hosts or has an extended period of inactivity.To simplify revision management, PDS implementations should use the current wall time (converted to TID) as the revision for every commit. When using wall time, it is still important to check that the new revision is higher than the previous revision, to account for clock drift or concurrent updates.

> Synchronizing servics should reject or ignore repository updates with revision numbers corresponding to future timestamps (beyond a short fuzzy time drift window). Services can track the commit revision for every account they have seen, and use this to verify synchronization status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronizing services should reject or ignore repository updates with revision values corresponding to future timestamps (beyond a short fuzzy time drift window). Services can track the commit revision for every account they have seen, and use this to verify synchronization status.
```

> Clients making API requests to a service may want to know if that service has synchronized and indexed recent updates to the most relevant account repository. For example, if a client updates a profile record for an account (by writing to the PDS), and then immediately requests an updated view of the account profile from a separate service, the client would want to know if the record update was applied. Services can indicate synchronization status using the `Atproto-Repo-Rev` HTTP response header, which should contain a single commit revision (TID) of the relevant account. This mechanism is only relevant to API endpoints where a single account was specified.

Reviewer: Right now this actually always returns the _calling users_ DID (not the specified DID in the call).

## Repository Event Stream

A repository event stream ("firehose") provides real-time updates about changes to repository state (`#commit` and `#sync` events), DID documents and handles (`#identity` events), and account hosting status (`#account` events). The wire format is WebSockets with CBOR-encoded messages and sequence-based resumption cursors, as described in the [Event Stream specification](/specs/event-stream).

Multiple network services provide firehose endpoints under the same `com.atproto.sync.subscribeRepos` stream endpoint, with compatible message types and semantics. PDS hosts provide a firehose that includes updates for all hosted accounts. **Relays** are network services which subscribe to multiple upstream firehoses (eg, multiple PDS hosts) and aggregate them in to a single combined event stream. A relay which attempts to aggregate accounts from all PDS instances in the network outputs a "full-network" firehose.

> Repository data synchronized over a firehose is self-certifying and contains verifiable signatures. Consuming services can verify synchronized data without making additional requests to the account's PDS host. Missing updates to a single repository detectable as gaps in the stream of `#commit` messages. However, if an intermediary service were to filter all messages pertaining to repository, that would not necessarily be detectable by consuming services.

Reviewer: also last sentence here reads a bit funny to me

"However, an intermediary service could completely remove all messages pertaining to a specific repository without being detected"?

Or maybe even just X-ing this sentence
